Add Anima (#182)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [2D Day/Night Cycle](https://github.com/hiulit/Godot-3-2D-Day-Night-Cycle) - A ☀️ Day / 🌔 Night cycle for 2D (Godot 3.x).
- [2D Destructible Objects](https://github.com/hiulit/Godot-3-2D-Destructible-Objects) - A script that takes a sprite, divides it into blocks and makes them explode💥 (Godot 3.x).

> - [Anima]([https:/](https://github.com/ceceppa/anima) - An addon that allows you creating and chaining complex animations easily (Godot 3.x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Anima](https://github.com/ceceppa/anima) - Run sequential and parallel animations with less code compared to Tween (Godot 3.x).
```
